Music
Other than the rock scene in music, Newport was well known for reggae.
And we used to have music called the blues.
And they would have a derelict house, have a generator outside, and they would play the music.
People would come from Birmingham and London, all over the place to hear the sounds.
These was an unusual venue to listen to music, because basically you were in pitch darkness in a house.
And the only lights were in the kitchen where they cooked things like cow foot soup, goat curry, and they sold their alcohol.
I have many people come up to me today and say, my father always told me he used to come to Newport for the blues.
One gentleman said the first time he came to Newport, his father sent him down to go to a ladies funeral.
I said Mrs White. He said that's right, she was synonymous around the country and she had a cafe in Pill called Silver Sands.
People around the country knew this lady. They got their food.
And I think on the quiet, she was one of the main people that brought the reggae music into Newport.
Music